[DOCU-841] 17.7 Resource management  https://community.openproject.or… (#24204)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/account-settings/account/README.md

---
sidebar_navigation:
  title: Account settings
  priority: 900
description: Learn how to configure user attributes and avatar in OpenProject.
keywords: my account, account settings, avatar
---

# Account

## Set an avatar

To change your profile picture in OpenProject, navigate to **Account settings** and select **Account** from the left-hand menu.

> OpenProject uses your Gravatar if you have registered one with the same email address at [gravatar.com](https://documentation.openproject-edge.com/external_redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgravatar.com%2F). Otherwise, it displays a default avatar or icon, if one exists.

Reviewer: > OpenProject uses your Gravatar ...

Gravatar is an option that can be enabled/disabled by the administrator. So I guess saying that we use it generally is not correct.

> Otherwise, it displays a default avatar or icon, if one exists.

It took me a while to understand this.. You are refering to the Gravatar defaults, right?

> OpenProject uses your Gravatar if you have registered one with the same email address at [gravatar.com](https://documentation.openproject-edge.com/external_redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgravatar.com%2F). Otherwise, it displays a default avatar or icon, if one exists.

Author: ```suggestion
If your OpenProject administrator has enabled Gravatar, OpenProject can display your Gravatar if you have registered one with the same email address at [gravatar.com](https://documentation.openproject-edge.com/external_redirect?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgravatar.com%2F). If no Gravatar image is available, Gravatar displays its configured default avatar.
```
